Chairperson Xu will cut the ribbon in about ten minutes
So far, Ning and Mr. Gu have come together
Okay, where did you get this bracelet from?
Well, my aunt gave it to me.
This is our family heirloom
My mother-in-law didn't pass on this decent daughter-in-law to me
How could she possibly give it to you?
This is a natural emperor green jadeite bracelet.
Worth hundreds of millions
Don't think you seduce Yunting
Grandma will give you such a precious gift
Look at his poor sample, it can't be stolen, right?
I don't have it.
I'll get you back such a precious bracelet from the Queen Mother.
Somebody press him to death
Sent to prison by the way
Life imprisonment for stealing Shangye Bingxue
There may be some misunderstanding.
Look who dares to touch one of her fingers
Yunting, you came at the right time.